---THE GOAL IS NOT TO GET INTO THE SYSTEMS BUT TO FIND
      ---ALL THE POSSIBLE WAYS TO GET THERE---

---NOTABLE PRINCIPLES---
  1. There is more than meets the eye. Consider all points of view
  2. Distinguish between what we see and what we don't see.
  3. There are always more ways to gain more info. Understand the target


---ENUMERATION PRINCIPLES---
  OSINT and ENUMERATION should be done seperately because
    osing is based only on passive info gathering and
    doesn't involve active enumeration of a target.
  Enumeration is a LOOP where we repeatedly gather info
    based on date we have or have previously discovered.
  Once we have identified the infastructure we need to examine
    individual services and protocols.
  ---QUESTIONS WE NEED TO ANSWER---
    What can we see?
    Why are we able to see it?
    What image does the info create for us?
    What do we gain from it?
    How can we use it?
    What can't we see?
    Why can't we see it?
    What image does the unknown create for us?


---ENUMERATION METHODOLOGY---
  Enumeration is a dynamic process. HTB made a static methodology
    see ./enum-methodology.png
  This is nested in 6 layers and represents "boundaries we try
    to pass with the enumeration process".
  The 6 layers are:
      Internet pressence
      Gateway
      Accessible Services
      Processes
      Privileges
      OS setup
  The whole process is divided into three levels:
      Infastructure-based Enumeration
      Host-base Enumeration
      OS-based Enumeration
  We can view the pentest as a labrynth where we have to identify
    gaps and find a way inside as quickyl and effectively as possible
    see ./pentest-labyrinth.png
    The squares represent gaps/vulnerabilities
  Not every gap will lead us inside
  There is always a way in

  ---METHODOLOGY EXAMPLE---
    Internet presence: Identify all possible target systems and
      interfaces that can be tested
    Gateway: Understand what we are dealing with, where it is
      located in the network and what to watch out for.
    Accessible Services: Understand the reason and functionality
      of the target system and gain the needed knowledge to 
      communicate with teh service and exploit it
    Processes: Understand what proccesses are doing, where they
      are getting information from, where they are sending it, and
      how the are interconnected.
    Privileges: See what privileges each service/process has and
      understand what is possible with these privileges
    OS Setup: See how the admins manage the systems and what 
      sensitive internal info we can gain from them
